# SpaceMiner

On July 20, 2269, exactly 300 years after humans landed on the Moon, a peaceful civilization from a distant solar system in our Milky Way Galaxy contacted us, but peace soon faced a colossal threat. The first contact from this civilization was in the form of signals containing encoded photographic images of the Voyager 1 space probe that departed from Earth in 1977.  Included along with the images were unmistakable images of intelligent beings, posing in spacesuits along side the craft.

The reception of this information was met with both excitement and fear on planet Earth, but paled in comparison to the response when visitors from the civilization made their presence in Earth's orbit known with geometric light pulses visible to inhabitants of the entire planet at night.

Over a period of several days these signals morphed into words, phrases, sentences, and then complete paragraphs in the languages understood by humans in the line of sight of the signals for that part of the sky. These messages made it clear that the visitors meant no harm, but were in fact in danger and wanted help from humans.

Emissaries from powerful nations planned to travel to Earth's lunar outpost to meet with the visitors. Still wary of the visitors' intentions, Earth's military guards followed closely and surveyed the situation. They even called upon reserves from planet Mars, which Earth had terraformed and populated in the 2100s. They detected no weapons capibilities amongst the alien visitors, and signaled safety to the emissaries.

The meeting took place on the Moon and was the most exhilirating and terrifying moment in Earth's recorded history. The visitors were very friendly, but also very troubled. They revealed to the emissaries video footage of a danger so grave, they chose not to broadcast it from deep space. The visitors had long ago taken to spacefaring because of an evil prescence in the galaxy, a civilization so powerful and greedy that it had developed technology capable of forcing stars to collapse and undergo supernovae. A supernovae is so powerful that as the star explodes it fuses together simple atoms of hyrdrogen and helium to produce all the heavier elements of the periodic table. These elements spray out in all directions and obliterate nearby planets and other stars. These explosive endings to stars result, millions of years later, in new stars and planets forming from the dust -- but this civilation had become so powerful that they would collect the interstaller dust and use the elements to build their own ships, weapons, and even artificial planets. 

The visitors knew all of this because the evil civilization had forced their own star to supernovae, and destroyed their home planet more than 10,000 years ago, and they had been on the run ever since, seeking another civilization with whom they could partner to rid the galaxy of the perilous force that had destroyed their home.

The worst news of the meeting came when the visitors revealed that they came to Earth not because they felt we had the technology needed to defeat the menace, but to warn us that we had a lot more work to do and that our planet was in the line of fire for the next supernovae victim
